Topics proposal updates [DO NOT MERGE] (#3283)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/privacy-sandbox/topics/index.md

// Display ad.
```

{% Aside 'warning' %}
This snippet of code is provided only to show how the Topics JavaScript API
might be used. API design is subject to change.
{% endAside %}

#### Access topics without modifying state {: #observe-false}

A caller can specify that they would like to retrieve topics without modifying state by calling
`document.browsingTopics({observe: false})`.

Including the `{observe: false}` argument means that topics can be returned, but the call will not
cause the current page to be included in the weekly epoch calculation, nor will it update the list
of topics observed for the caller.

### Use a header to access topics

Instead of calling `document.browsingTopics()`, topics can be retrieved via a request header, and
marked as observed and eligible for topics calculation via response headers.

> This is likely to be considerably more performant than using the JavaScript API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is likely much more performant than using the JavaScript API.
```

> The request header will be sent on document requests if the list of topics is non-empty and the
> request is allowable: for example, the appropriate [permission policy](#site-opt-out) is in play,
> and the context is secure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The request header will be sent on document requests, if the list of topics is non-empty and the
request is allowable. For example, when the appropriate [permission policy](#site-opt-out) is in play,
and the context is secure.
```

#### Request header example

``` text
Sec-Browsing-Topics: 123;model=1;taxonomy=1;version=2, 2;model=1;taxonomy=1;version=2
```

> This header includes two topics from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This header includes two topics from the
```

[taxonomy](https://github.com/patcg-individual-drafts/topics/blob/main/taxonomy_v1.md), 123 and 2,
along with their version information.

A Topics request header can also be provided with a `fetch()` request:

``` javascript
fetch(<url>, {browsingTopics: true})
```

> #### Response header example

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Response header example
```

``` text
Observe-Browsing-Topics: 1
```

#### Notes

-  Redirects will be followed, and the topics sent in the redirect request will be specific to
    the redirect URL.
-  The request header will not modify state for the caller unless there is a corresponding
    response header. That is, the topic of the page won't be considered observed, nor will it
    affect the user's topic calculation for the next epoch.

> -  The response header will only be honored if the corresponding request included the topics
>     header (or would have included the header if it wasn't empty).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  The response header is only honored if the corresponding request included the topics
    header (or would have included the header, if the request wasn't empty).
```

> -  The registrable domain used for topic observation is that of the URL of the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  The URL of this request is the registrable domain used for topic observation.
```
